README.md, before:

# songbirdz-collection-media

This repo holds all the media (audio, images, metadata) for the Songbirdz collection.

The media is also stored in IPFS:
- [0-picasso-genesis](https://gateway.lighthouse.storage/ipfs/bafybeia473yopibtibi5zmw7jdc5b7wus65vdhlfmjo4w3wtup4in6wx4y)
- [1-deep-blue](https://gateway.lighthouse.storage/ipfs/bafybeicp54cdtogn4tbtxxrpof5oi7pgjkt63n63arf45db55ckpo2awhe)
- [2-small-and-mighty](https://gateway.lighthouse.storage/ipfs/bafybeieq52obxbsw2fyxqk3u76bvkzv47oeox2dshl74ua65svgo4iaxtm)
- [3-night-and-day](https://gateway.lighthouse.storage/ipfs/bafybeicskvnce4dcw3qcs352yr2dmi656vwafimm2olybkdicozkylveza)
- [4-fire-and-ice](https://gateway.lighthouse.storage/ipfs/bafybeihzpowaivvuxvqmah3auusozc5afeiyfdhmdp5iefsbb3leimm3ge)
- [5-predator-and-prey](https://gateway.lighthouse.storage/ipfs/bafybeicwqk2bcgpfojh63o4txc5jezkj6oobqcmnu6he5uueh26lfd7w6u)
- [6-love-birds](https://gateway.lighthouse.storage/ipfs/bafybeibeegccbcxn3ofyor7yn6poodfc3tu2vhd3v6dtpxoqav4n33j5uq)
- [7-hatchlings](https://gateway.lighthouse.storage/ipfs/bafybeiecvcrprcqhssunvhwadcg7eztqlnxwek7czsvnkezozqyoz6mydm)
- [8-masters-of-disguise](https://gateway.lighthouse.storage/ipfs/bafybeigrv7kzq352xto7eptiowppuan2gmqr4tdlg37qf2lpuijbfluv3u)

2. Install dependencies:
```bash
npm install
```

3. Run the verify script:
```bash
node verifyMedia.js
```

This will check that all media files match the merkle tree in the solidity contract on Base and report any discrepancies.

## ./points

This folder stores the points history for each of the past seasons of the Songbirdz onchain bird watching seasons.

- Season 1: Big Onchain Summer: 04-04-2024 to 08-31-2024.
- Season 2: Big Onchain Fall: 09-01-2024 to 11-30-2024.
- Season 3: Big Onchain Winter: 12-01-2024 to 02-28-2025.
- Season 4: Big Onchain Spring: 03-01-2025 to 05-31-2025.

## ./airdrops

This folder contains two CSV files that can be used when targeting our most active users for airdrops or allowlists for upcoming mints.

- `top-10-gtd.csv`: The first 10 users to include (guaranteed).
- `top-10-wl.csv`: An additional 10 users to include (white-listed).

Commit message:

add point backups for season 3 and 4

README.md, after:

# songbirdz-collection-media

This repo holds all the media (audio, images, metadata) for the Songbirdz collection.

The media is also stored in IPFS:
- [0-picasso-genesis](https://gateway.lighthouse.storage/ipfs/bafybeia473yopibtibi5zmw7jdc5b7wus65vdhlfmjo4w3wtup4in6wx4y)
- [1-deep-blue](https://gateway.lighthouse.storage/ipfs/bafybeicp54cdtogn4tbtxxrpof5oi7pgjkt63n63arf45db55ckpo2awhe)
- [2-small-and-mighty](https://gateway.lighthouse.storage/ipfs/bafybeieq52obxbsw2fyxqk3u76bvkzv47oeox2dshl74ua65svgo4iaxtm)
- [3-night-and-day](https://gateway.lighthouse.storage/ipfs/bafybeicskvnce4dcw3qcs352yr2dmi656vwafimm2olybkdicozkylveza)
- [4-fire-and-ice](https://gateway.lighthouse.storage/ipfs/bafybeihzpowaivvuxvqmah3auusozc5afeiyfdhmdp5iefsbb3leimm3ge)
- [5-predator-and-prey](https://gateway.lighthouse.storage/ipfs/bafybeicwqk2bcgpfojh63o4txc5jezkj6oobqcmnu6he5uueh26lfd7w6u)
- [6-love-birds](https://gateway.lighthouse.storage/ipfs/bafybeibeegccbcxn3ofyor7yn6poodfc3tu2vhd3v6dtpxoqav4n33j5uq)
- [7-hatchlings](https://gateway.lighthouse.storage/ipfs/bafybeiecvcrprcqhssunvhwadcg7eztqlnxwek7czsvnkezozqyoz6mydm)
- [8-masters-of-disguise](https://gateway.lighthouse.storage/ipfs/bafybeigrv7kzq352xto7eptiowppuan2gmqr4tdlg37qf2lpuijbfluv3u)

2. Install dependencies:
```bash
npm install
```

3. Run the verify script:
```bash
node verifyMedia.js
```

This will check that all media files match the merkle tree in the solidity contract on Base and report any discrepancies.

## ./points

This folder stores the points history for each of the past seasons of the Songbirdz onchain bird watching seasons.

- `Season 1`: Big Onchain Summer: 04-04-2024 to 08-31-2024.
- `Season 2`: Big Onchain Fall: 09-01-2024 to 11-30-2024.
- `Season 3`: Big Onchain Winter: 12-01-2024 to 02-28-2025.
- `Season 4`: Big Onchain Spring: 03-01-2025 to 05-31-2025.
- `Daily Streak Tracker`: A backup of the daily streak tracker data at a point in time.

## ./airdrops

This folder contains two CSV files that can be used when targeting our most active users for airdrops or allowlists for upcoming mints.

- `top-10-gtd.csv`: The first 10 users to include (guaranteed).
- `top-10-wl.csv`: An additional 10 users to include (white-listed).
